= Taiga REST API
:toc: left
:numbered:
:source-highlighter: pygments
:pygments-style: friendly

== Endpoints Summary

=== Auth

include::login/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Resolver

include::resolver/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Projects

include::projects/endpoints.adoc[]

=== User stories

include::user-stories/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Tasks

include::tasks/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Issues

include::issues/endpoints.adoc[]

== Auth

=== Normal login
include::login/normal-login.adoc[]

=== Github login
include::login/github-login.adoc[]

=== Public registry
include::login/public-registry.adoc[]

=== Private registry
include::login/private-registry.adoc[]


== Resolver

===  Projects
include::resolver/projects.adoc[]

=== User stories
include::resolver/user-stories.adoc[]

=== Issues
include::resolver/issues.adoc[]

=== Tasks
include::resolver/tasks.adoc[]

=== Milestones
include::resolver/milestones.adoc[]

=== Wiki pages
include::resolver/wiki-pages.adoc[]

=== Multiple resolution
include::resolver/multiple.adoc[]


== Projects

=== List
include::projects/list.adoc[]

=== Create
include::projects/create.adoc[]

=== Get
include::projects/get.adoc[]

=== Edit
include::projects/edit.adoc[]

=== Delete
include::projects/delete.adoc[]

=== Get modules
include::projects/get-modules.adoc[]

=== Edit modules
include::projects/edit-modules.adoc[]

=== Stats
include::projects/stats.adoc[]

=== Issue stats
include::projects/issues-stats.adoc[]

=== Issue filters data
include::projects/issue-filters-data.adoc[]

=== Tag colors
include::projects/tags-colors.adoc[]

=== Star
include::projects/star.adoc[]

=== Unstar
include::projects/unstar.adoc[]

=== Fans
include::projects/fans.adoc[]

=== Create template
include::projects/create-template.adoc[]


== User stories

=== List
include::user-stories/list.adoc[]

=== Create
include::user-stories/create.adoc[]

=== Get
include::user-stories/get.adoc[]

=== Edit
include::user-stories/edit.adoc[]

=== Delete
include::user-stories/delete.adoc[]

=== Bulk creation
include::user-stories/bulk-create.adoc[]

=== Bulk update backlog order
include::user-stories/bulk-update-backlog-order.adoc[]

=== Bulk update kanban order
include::user-stories/bulk-update-kanban-order.adoc[]

=== Bulk update sprint order
include::user-stories/bulk-update-sprint-order.adoc[]

=== List attachments
include::user-stories/list-attachments.adoc[]

=== Create attachment
include::user-stories/create-attachment.adoc[]

=== Get attachment
include::user-stories/get-attachment.adoc[]

=== Edit attachment
include::user-stories/edit-attachment.adoc[]

=== Delete attachment
include::user-stories/delete-attachment.adoc[]


== Tasks

=== List
include::tasks/list.adoc[]

=== Create
include::tasks/create.adoc[]

=== Get
include::tasks/get.adoc[]

=== Edit
include::tasks/edit.adoc[]

=== Delete
include::tasks/delete.adoc[]

=== Bulk creation
include::tasks/bulk-create.adoc[]

=== List attachments
include::tasks/list-attachments.adoc[]

=== Create attachment
include::tasks/create-attachment.adoc[]

=== Get attachment
include::tasks/get-attachment.adoc[]

=== Edit attachment
include::tasks/edit-attachment.adoc[]

=== Delete attachment
include::tasks/delete-attachment.adoc[]


== Issues

=== List
include::issues/list.adoc[]

=== Create
include::issues/create.adoc[]

=== Get
include::issues/get.adoc[]

=== Edit
include::issues/edit.adoc[]

=== Delete
include::issues/delete.adoc[]

=== Bulk creation
include::issues/bulk-create.adoc[]

=== List attachments
include::issues/list-attachments.adoc[]

=== Create attachment
include::issues/create-attachment.adoc[]

=== Get attachment
include::issues/get-attachment.adoc[]

=== Edit attachment
include::issues/edit-attachment.adoc[]

=== Delete attachment
include::issues/delete-attachment.adoc[]


== Objects Summary

[[object-attachment-detail]]
===  Attachment
include::attachments/detail-response.adoc[]

[[object-user-detail]]
===  User detail
include::login/user-detail-response.adoc[]

[[object-project-list-entry]]
===  Project list entry
include::projects/list-entry-response.adoc[]

[[object-project-detail]]
===  Project detail
include::projects/detail-response.adoc[]

[[object-project-modules-detail]]
===  Project modules detail
include::projects/modules-response.adoc[]

[[object-project-stats-detail]]
===  Project stats detail
include::projects/stats-response.adoc[]

[[object-project-issue-stats-detail]]
===  Project issue stats detail
include::projects/issues-stats-response.adoc[]

[[object-project-issue-filters-data-detail]]
===  Project issue filters data detail
include::projects/issue-filters-data-response.adoc[]

[[object-project-tags-colors-detail]]
===  Project tag colors data detail
include::projects/tags-colors-response.adoc[]

[[object-project-voter-detail]]
===  Project voter detail
include::projects/voter-detail-response.adoc[]

[[object-project-template-detail]]
===  Project template detail
include::projects/template-detail-response.adoc[]

[[object-userstory-detail]]
=== User story detail
include::user-stories/detail-response.adoc[]

[[object-task-detail]]
=== Task detail
include::tasks/detail-response.adoc[]

[[object-issue-detail]]
=== Issue detail
include::issues/detail-response.adoc[]

